[Birds chirping]
♪
[Footsteps approaching]
[Door opens, keys jingling]
♪
[Lock disengages]
They're setting up
an interview room for you now.
About fucking time.
I wouldn't get too excited.
From what I gather,
they're very confident
of bringing charges
against you.
Charges for what?
Attempted murder.
♪
Look, can't we just say
that Fudge did the shooting
and I just drove him,
like Frank wanted?
Until we know exactly
what they've got on you,
you say nothing,
you admit nothing,
you let me do
all the talking, okay?
♪
Okay.
And I suggest you start
preparing for the worst.
Oh, for fuck's sake!
You're not exactly filling me
with confidence over here.
I'm your solicitor,
not your therapist, alright?
I'm not here to make you
feel good.
I'm trying to manage
your expectations.
What the fuck is that
supposed to mean?
It means expect to be judged
today or tomorrow morning.
I'll apply for bail,
but it's a long shot.
♪
Is there any chance
I can speak to Nikki
before they move me inside?
I'll see what I can do.
♪
[Door opens, closes]
[Lock engages]
♪
[Birds chirping]
[Line ringing]
♪
[Ringing continues]
[Cellphone rings]
♪
Anthony: Mam?
Amanda:
Were you in class?
I-I didn't want to
disturb you if you're in class.
No, it's fine.
I just couldn't find me phone.
Eh, has something happened?
Eh, the dealership
was raided,
and there were
photographers here.
There might be some stuff
about it in the papers.
Alright.
And, uh...
♪
...Dotser was shot
last night, too.
He's dead.
♪
I know.
I know you really liked him.
♪
[Breathes deeply]
Are you okay?
[Breathes shakily]
Yeah.
♪
Anthony?
I've gotta go, Mam.
[Line clicks]
♪
[Keys jingling, lock disengages]
Lauren?
That's right.
Thanks for coming over
so quick.
I'm a little confused.
You said you already
had a solicitor.
Yeah, Donal Crehan.
I've used him in the past.
My family uses him.
But I want someone else
for this.
Do you mind me asking why?
Donal Crehan is known
for defending criminals.
I want to be represented
by a solicitor
who isn't known
for defending criminals.
♪
Con: Tell me where the Kinsellas
have stashed it!
Fucking tell us!
[Shouting indistinctly]
Where the fuck
are the drugs?!
Tell me where the
fucking drugs are -- now!
He says he doesn't know
they've hidden it,
same as all
the other Kinsella dealers.
We've been batterin' him
for an hour and still nothing.
Here, listen for yourself.
Where the fuck do
they hide their drugs?
I don't know.
I don't fucking know.
I'm not part
of Kinsella gang.
I just sell
the fucking gear.
Frank doesn't tell me
anything like that.
D'you hear that?
Eamon: If he can't tell you,
get rid of him.
Find someone else who can.
But he doesn't know, and no one
seems to know anything.
No one's talking --
No, I don't give a fuck.
Find those drugs.
♪
[Sighs]
No!
♪
Birdy: They could have killed
you last night, Frank,
and they didn't,
so that's a blessing.
They could have killed
Michael or Anna yesterday.
They didn't.
They got Dotser.
If anyone had to be killed,
it's best it was him.
The only reason
he got out of the car
was to make sure
it was safe for me.
That's what
he was there for.
[Cellphone rings]
Hello?
Man: Hi.
Is that Michael Kinsella?
Yeah. Speaking.
I'm one of the guards
in the car outside there.
Social worker got down
to your house.
Yeah, o-okay.
All the family
are still alive.
That's what matters.
Eric's getting locked up,
though.
I know it's difficult,
but that's why you have
to be strong now.
You have to find us a way
out of this, Frank.
We can't go on living
like this.
Monica: Michael Kinsella?
Yeah.
This is for you.
It's an order under Section 37
of the Child Welfare Act
barring you from going
anywhere near Anna Areoye,
or trying to communicate
with her
or threaten her safety
in any way.
I'd never threaten her.
What you did,
meeting her like that,
placed her
in grave danger.
I just wanted
to see me daughter.
You know, every day,
I pick up the paper,
and I'm reading about you
and your family at war
with some criminal
or another.
You're living here
with 24-hour
Garda protection,
for God's sake.
You think Anna having to hide
in a storeroom
while men with guns try to kill
her father in front of her
is a good idea after
everything she's been through?
No.
You say you care for her.
If you did, you wouldn't be
dragging her back
into all
your fucking shit.
♪
[Sighs]
Anna?
Your grandmother's here.
Thank you.
♪
This is embarrassing.
You're treating me
like a baby.
We're only doing this
to keep you safe.
I amsafe.
You are now,
away from here.
[Whistle blows]
What's the worst case scenario,
charges-wise?
Money laundering
carries a sentence
of up to 14 years
in prison.
A lot depends on
the circumstances of the case.
Mitigating factors
are taken into consideration.
So, let's say
they do uncover evidence
of money laundering here, and
if I was found guilty of it...
With your name
and family connections,
the prosecution will argue
you were laundering
on behalf of
an organized crime gang,
and that is taken
very seriously.
Even if I have
no previous convictions?
In my opinion, yes.
Probably 6 to 10 years.
♪
Jimmy: How the fuck am I
supposed to know?
She's not answering.
Michael: Figure it out.
Frank: No, wait and see.It's the front door.
I think she's home.
[Door opens]
They cleaned out the dealership
like I said they would.
So, what exactly
did happen?
They seized everything.
All the computers,
hard drives, paper records,
even stuff from the bins.
Well, Donal's putting someone
from his office on it.
I've got
my own solicitor.
Since when?
This morning.
Donal Crehan deals
with our business,
nobody fucking else.
All this shit with the
dealership is coming down on me.
So I'm getting
my own solicitor.
She says I'm looking
at 6 to 10 years.
I warned you
this would happen, Frank.
Frank did
what he thought was best.
Well,
it wasn't good enough.
Amanda.
No.
Be careful what you tell
that woman.
Amanda's not gonna rat.
You should know that.
The reason I wanted
to see you all...
...is with Eric locked up
and Dotser gone,
basically just us here
in the room against Eamon.
And eventually,
they're gonna get one of us.
Then they'll get all of us.
What do you suggest?
That Birdy
go talk to Eamon.
He'd never hurt me.
See if she can get him
to bring this thing to an end.
It might not work, but we have
to try something to end this.
Eamon and me --
We have history.
I'll offer to give him his drugs
back in return for peace.
And what if he doesn't
agree to it?
We're in trouble.
You and Birdy
should be fine.
Us three?
That's different.
Every muppet with a gun
out there is trying
to have a crack at us.
We need to be away from here,
keep our heads down,
let some of the heat
go out of this.
Away where?
Somewhere abroad,
and quiet,
where we won't be spotted.
Not Spain.
Do we all go together?
Be safer if we didn't.
How long do we go for?
Until it's safe to come back.
I need a drink.
♪
[Inhaling deeply]
[Sighs]
Drinking alone?
It's always
a good sign.
I figured it was either feel for
meself or get fucking wasted.
So here I am, doing both.
You want to come join me?
Are you really gonna make me
drink all on my own today?
♪
It's freezing.
I'll turn this on.
♪
So, what's gonna happen
with Anna if you go abroad?
♪
It's safer for her
if I'm not around.
What does she want?
♪
You told me when I first
got out of prison
I should think about
what's best for Anna.
I'm doing that now.
♪
[Whistling]
Well?
You were right.
They've got
traffic camera footage of him
driving to
and from the shooting.
And an eyewitness who ID'd Eric
and the car he was driving.
That enough
for a conviction?
Without forensic evidence,
it'll come down
to the eyewitness,
and if they're credible,
then yeah,
that'll probably be enough.
What about bail?
No chance.
♪
Eric won't survive in there,
not with Eamon's bounty
on his head.
Then they'll put him
in protective custody.
Locked up on his own,
all day, every day?
Have you met Eric?
[Sighs]
Well, you could go talk to Bren
and ask him to help.
♪
If they close the nail bar,
we'll still look after you.
You'll never have to worry
about that.
Okay.
And you've Eric's place.
You can stay there
till he gets out.
Well, we're not sure
if he's going inside yet.
♪
Better be prepared,
just in case.
If you want to be with Eric,
this is part of the life.
You have to accept
that there'll be times
when he'll be going away.
You'll learn to get
through them.
You just do.
♪
And you can still come
and see us any time you want.
You're always welcome,
like family.
Okay.
♪
My mother always said
that having kids was a big help
the times Daddy was away.
Have you and Eric thought
about starting a family?
[Door opens]
No.
[Door closes]
♪
What did Donal have to say?
[Breathes deeply]
Nothing fucking good.
♪
[Footsteps approaching]
Did you get her?
No.
It's gone
straight to message.
She must have her phone off.
But you gave her
until tomorrow.
I'm not waiting
any longer.
Fuck her.
This is on you, Con.
You gave the drugs away.
Do whatever you need
to get my drugs back.
♪
Amanda: You know the last time
I was up here was the night
Jamie was killed?
Anthony cooked us steaks
and burgers,
and everyone was happy.
[Sighs]
I fucked everything up,
didn't I?
No.
I wanted you and Jimmy
to kill Caolan Moore.
He had Jamie shot, Amanda.
He got what he had coming.
Still.
There's gonna be so many times
when Anthony needs his mother,
and I'm not gonna
be there for him.
I'm gonna miss
his graduation,
his debs,
him going to college.
I won't see any of that.
Just like I didn't
with Jamie.
Oh, what a fucking mess
I've made of everything.
Then fix it.
How?
Not by accepting
you're going to jail
just 'cause people
tell you you are.
Isn't that what you did?
You pleaded guilty.
That's different.
I wanted to be punished,
didn't I?
You're smarter
than any of them.
You'll find
a way to fix it.
I know you will.
Are you trying to blow
everything up?
Boom.
[Chuckles]
[Footsteps approaching]
Michael: Hey.
Hey.
I was looking everywhere
for you.
Frank just called.
He wants to go visit Da
tomorrow.
He knows it's dangerous.
He asked me
to go with him.
♪
I can just say no if
you don't want me to go.
What? I...
♪
No. [Chuckles]
Do whatever you want.
It makes no odds to me.
♪
See youse later.
It's cold.
We should go in.
I just need a drink.
Stay.
Just five minutes,
while I finish it.
Please.
I don't take you for granted,
you know?
In case
that's what you think.
I just --
I just don't want you to think
that I don't appreciate you.
'Cause I do.
I love you.
Very much.
♪
[Banging]
Prisoner: Kinsella?
What?
You're a fucking dead man,
you know that?
Shut your fucking mouth!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The big man now.
Wait till you're inside.
They'll be queuing up
to get at you.
I'll be fucking waiting
for you, yeah?!
You won't last a week,
Kinsella.
Shut the fuck up!
You're a fucking muppet.
Anyone wants a go,
I'll give them a fucking go!
Do you hear me?You're only a fucking prick.
Any fucking one of youse
little rats that wants a knock,
I'll fucking give it to you,
yeah?!
Yeah.
You're all fucking quiet now.
Prisoner #2: Turn it off.
You're mad.
You're a fucking dead man
when I get me hands on you!
[Laughter]
You're a fucking dead man!
You're fucking dead!
Prisoner #3:
You fucking tosser.
[Laughs]
Fuck the lot of youse!
[Banging]
Prisoner #1:
You're a fucking dead man.
Prisoner #2:
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
[Speaking indistinctly]
[Prisoners shouting
indistinctly, banging]
♪
What?
How much money
have we got put away?
Just in the bank?
No.
All of it.
Around $2 million.
I'm gonna need
some of that.
♪
[Telephone ringing]
[Indistinct conversations]
♪
[Ringing continues]
[dog barking in distance]
♪
[car alarms chirps]
[Sighs]
♪
Can we talk?
No.
At least listen
to what I have to say.
I know why you're here.
I read the papers.
I'll be raising a glass
the day you go down.
I've come to offer you
$400,000 in cash.
Enough
to change your life.
It doesn't need changing.
$500,000 then.
♪
Just listen to what
I have to say?
♪
I remember your Noel always
talking about your daughters.
Think how much this kind
of money could benefit them.
My girls are fine
just the way they are.
You could move house,
send them
to whatever school you want,
set them up for life.
If it was me --
Well, I'm nothing like you.
We're both mothers, and
I know that being a mother,
you'd do anything
for your children.
'Cause I have.
You would not believe
the fucking things
I've done for them.
And honestly, when people like
you have a problem with that,
I really don't give
a fucking shit.
Because I know why I did
what I did.
So, if you want to rob
your daughters
of an opportunity
to improve their lives
'cause you're angry with me,
that's your decision.
But the offer stands --
$500,000, in cash.
♪
Come on, quick.
[Door closes]
They don't have to allow family
visits, so this is a favor.
Right.
The camera's gonna be on
the whole time,
so you can talk to him,
but no physical contact.
Okay.
And don't try passing him
anything,
'cause it'll just mean
cavity searches for both of you.
♪
Okay, you got 10 minutes.
[Lock disengages]
♪
You alright?
Yeah.
Better now you're here.
Uh, they said
that we can't touch,
or they'll end this.
Okay.
[Sighs]
Donal said the nail bar
was raided?
Yeah, but there was
nothing there to find.
Mm.
I think
Amanda's fucked, though.
Well, what about Frank?
How's he?
In bits over Dotser.
And worried about you.
He's going
to see your uncle.
Bren?
Yeah.
To get you to go in with him,
so you're safe inside.
Bren's sound.
Be good
to have family inside.
What?
Nothing.
Tell me.
Nikki, whatever it is,
you can tell me.
I was looking at it
on the Internet last night,
and it said
if you're convicted,
you could be gone
for 10 years.
[Scoffs] Yeah.
Don't worry about that.
I'll be grand.
Especially
if Bren's with me.
What about me?
What do you mean?
I mean, this isn't only
about you, Eric.
If you're inside,
I'm suffering, too.
You always knew
this could happen.
And you love me,
don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So, what's the problem?
The problem is that
you never think
how this is
gonna affect me.
What am I supposed to do
when you're gone for 10 years?
Spend my life
sitting in with Birdy?
Look, it won't be 10 years.
Not with good behavior.
That's not
the fucking point, Eric.
[Sighs]
So, are you
fucking leaving me?
Is that what this is?
No.
No?
What then?
You just do what
you fucking want.
You never think about the
consequences for anyone else.
What if I went to jail
for 10 years?
What would you do?
Answer me, Eric.
I'd wait for you.
Would you?
You'd sit in, never go
anywhere, never do anything...
...and wait for me
for 10 years?
Yeah.
[Keys jingling, beep]
[Knock on door]
[Door opens]
Donal: We got to go.
[Door closes, lock engages]
[Breathes shakily]
♪
Anthony?
Did you ever hear
what your father did to my son?
No.He poured petrol all over him
and threatened
to set him on fire.
I want you to tell
your fucking mother
that Eamon wants back
what was stolen from him.
And if he doesn't get it,
I'm gonna find you, Anthony,
I'm gonna get you on fire,
and I'm gonna watch you
fucking burn.
♪
Jenny: Noel sourced cars
over in England,
and then after
he'd delivered them back here,
he'd arrange for people
to come in and buy them.
But they were just fronts.
He'd give them the money
for the purchase.
Without Mrs. Kinsella's
knowledge?
Yeah.
Once the cars were bought
and registered in their name,
he'd act a trader,
and either sell them on
or sell them back to Amanda.
That's how he cleaned
the money.
Whose money was he cleaning?
A man called Jason.
That's all I know.
And all this "clean money"
he had laundered was declared
as part
of his taxable income?
He didn't tell me things
like that.
I'm sorry, but from the little
I've heard about your husband,
I don't believe he was
clever enough to conceive
and run a money-laundering
scheme like this.
Did Noel
even finish school?
Yeah.
Not that it's any
of your business.
Please don't take this
the wrong way,
but if your husband
had really laundered
millions of euro
for "Jason,"
you wouldn't be sitting here
in those clothes,
looking the way you do.
What's that supposed
to mean?
It means
I don't believe you.
I don't believe any of this
nonsense you've told me.
I don't give a fuck
if you believe me or not.
And this Roselane Estate
where you live -- What is that?
Social housing?
Fuck you.
Jenny.
Cheap clothes, cheap house,
low intelligence.
You want a fucking slap?
-Jenny, sit down.
-No!
I'm not gonna fucking listen
to her.
She can't talk to me
like that.
Jenny, please.
Please.
Stay.
I know you think
you're being clever here,
but what you're doing
is highly illegal.
I'm not employing you to care
whether I'm guilty or not.
I'm paying you to help me.
I need you to help me.
If you're relying on her,
she'll need a much thicker skin.
Well, we'll sort that, and
I'll have her better prepared
by the time
the police ask questions.
[Ringtone plays]
Anthony, I can't talk right now.
Is everything okay?
Anthony:
This man was at the school.
He said to tell you
that Eamon Cunningham
wants his stuff back.
What man?
I don't know.
I-I seen him
at Jamie's funeral.
Okay, where is he now?
Gone.
He -- He left.
Okay, go find a teacher and stay
with them till I get there.
I'm leaving right now.
I'll be there really,
really soon, alright?
Just find a teacher.
Okay.
♪
[Gate closing]
[Buzzer]
Anna.
Anna: Hi, Michael.Is everything okay?
My nana took my phone,
and I just wanted to see you.
Do you want to come in?
Okay.
♪
Would you like a juice?
Yeah, sure.
[Liquid pouring]
Here you go.
♪
My nana won't let me contact
you, but I don't care.
I want to see you.
Anna, um, your case worker,
Monica, came to see me.
Why?
She gave me a court order,
saying I can't go
anywhere near you.
I don't care
about any of that.
You said
you wanted to see me.
I-I do want to see you,
but
I'm trying to do what's right.
♪
Anna, you could have been
killed in that café.
Even coming here
is dangerous for you.
I don't want you
to get hurt.
That's not something
I could bear.
I'm just trying to do
what's right.
Stop saying that.
You're supposed to be
my father.
I amyour father.
Then be one.
All this stuff with you and
your family and what you do --
I don't care about that.
I don't.
Just don't come back into my
life, promise me everything,
and then leave and tell me
it's for my own good.
But it's the truth,
isn't it?
As long as I'm around,
you're in danger.
If you're connected to me,
it puts you at risk.
And if I was to go away
f-for a while, you'd be safe.
So, you're going away now?
Where to?
I don't know.
It wouldn't be forever.
Just till
all this trouble's over.
Fuck you, Michael.
♪
[Door closes]
Alright, Da?
I thought
Birdy was coming.
She'll be here
next time.
I wanted
to talk to you.
It must be important, Frank,
to drag you down here.
I've been meaning
to come down for a while.
No, I get it.
You have your hands full
taking care of business
for the family.
Not like you're out there
fucking everything up
while I'm in here...
getting us into wars
we cannot win.
That's
not what happened, Da.
You shut the fuck up.
Just shut the fuck up.
If I want your fucking advice,
I'll ask for it.
What is it you want
to talk about?
It's about Eric.
What's that fuckwit
done now?
He's gonna be
coming inside.
I need you to...
look out for him,
keep him safe.
That's a big ask, Frank.
You might not have heard, but
our name is fucking muck in here
because of you.
I'm asking you
as a favor.
You know
what I really regret now?
Is not leaving
Birdy in charge.
And I knew it at the time,
but I didn't want
to humiliate you, Frank.
But that was
my big mistake,
because she would never have
gotten us
into a fucking mess
like this.
Jimmy and Michael clipped
Moore off their own bat.
Oh, is that right now?
Well, in that case,
I'm sorry, Frank.
You see, 'cause I thought you
were in charge of the family,
but no, I was wrong,
because obviously,
everyone does whatever
the fuck they want now.
And I'll tell you
this much --
If it was me and fucking anyone
went against what I said --
family or not family --
I'd fucking bury them.
But, you see,
your fucking problem
is you've never got
your hands dirty,
not like Michael,
and everyone knows that.
You know, even if they
don't know, they know.
They know. They can fucking
sense it off you, Frank.
So all the fucking hissy fits
and the threats,
they're fooling no one,
'cause everyone knows
you're just a windy cunt.
Look at the fucking state
of you,
with the fucking flash gear
and playing at being a gangster.
Do you know what you look like,
Frank?
A fucking hairdresser.
Give it a rest.
Don't you fucking speak
to me like that!
Sit down.
You're too busy sucking cock
to fucking run
this family properly.
Fucking...
About Eric.
If you don't watch out for him,
he's gonna have to serve
his full whack in
protective custody on his own.
No.
Idiots like him are
a lightning rod for trouble.
Please.
I'm asking you to do this
for me.
I'm not having him
fuck up my parole.
He won't.
He knows how to behave.
Ah, I'm sorry, Frank.
He'll have to make his own way
in here, same as we all did.
Next time you come, bring
your brother with you, alright?
♪
[Door closes, lock engages]
[Tires screeching]
♪
Stop the car.
Give me your gun.
Give me your fucking gun!
♪
Birdy!
What the fuck are you
doing here?!
Take it easy.
I came to talk, Eamon.
To offer a deal.
There is no talk!
Right?
There's no deals,
there's no nothing,
not with
your fucking family.
We have your drugs.
Don't worry.
I'll get them back,
and then I'll kill
Frank and his idiot son
and Michael and Jimmy,
every last fucking one
of them.
So you keep saying,
but they're all still here.
You're lucky I don't
fucking shoot you right here.
Wouldn't that be sweet,
knowing my last act on Earth
would be to cause
your fucking downfall.
I know you, Eamon Cunningham.
You don't have
the fucking balls.
It's not you, Eamon,
though, is it?
You pay people to do
your killing for you.
Give me that gun and
I'll show you how it's done.
I'll blow
your fucking face off.
None of youse are safe.
Not you, not Jimmy's missus,
not the kids.
You're all fucking
fair game.
♪
Go on.
Aah! Aah!
Man: Quick!
-Stop!
-Get in the fucking car!
Get the fuck in!
[Anna screaming, horn honking]
What is that?
Leave her the fuck alone.
[Horn honks]
Get out of here,
you little shits.
I'm calling the guards.
[Indistinct shouting]
Man:
I don't fucking believe it!
♪
How'd it go?
He's not interested
in talking.
♪
Eamon do that to you?
[Footsteps approaching]
Anna?
Sweetie,
what's going on?
What happened?
These guys tried to pull me
into their car.
Wait, what guy?
Where? Just now?
The car
pulled up beside me,
and they all hopped out
and tried to get me in the boot.
Did they say anything?
No.
I'm -- I'm gonna take care
of this, alright?
I'm gonna sort this out.
I promise.
Come here, come here.
♪
[Sighs]
I'll sort this.
♪
Are you okay?
Yeah.
♪
What exactly
did he say to you?
He said that Eamon Cunningham
wanted back what was stolen,
and if he doesn't get it,
they're gonna set me on fire.
♪
What the fuck are you
looking at?
Nothing much.
♪
Nothing fucking much?!
I'm show you
"nothing fucking much," man!
Nothing fucking much?!
Frank, for fuck's sake!
Fuckhead!
Come on!
You trying
to get us locked up?
Come on.
What the fuck?
Nothing fucking much?
♪
Oh, come on.
[Door opens]
Officer: Eric Kinsella?
Let's go.
♪
[Buzzer]
[Engine starts]
♪
Hiya.
Go inside, Anthony.
I need to talk to Michael.Anthony: Yeah.
♪
Some lads
tried to grab Anna.
They were
at Anthony's school, too.
♪
Con Doyle showed up,
threatened him.
Eamon's never gonna give
this family any peace, is he?
No.
Every one of us
is a target now.
And going abroad and hiding
isn't the solution, either.
We need to end this thing.
How?
Chop the head off the snake.
♪